[libclang/python] Remove global SPELLING_CACHE alias (#210677)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

### Clang Python Bindings Potentially Breaking Changes

- Remove the deprecated `SPELLING_CACHE` alias.
  All usage should be migrated to use `CompletionChunk.SPELLING_CACHE` instead.

>   Note that this uses `CompletionChunkKind` as keys, instead of the enum values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that this uses `CompletionChunkKind` enumeration as keys, instead of integer values.
```
